Listen well, sir, you should be careful not to offend millions of adults.
According to whom, I, Ye Zhan, have enough experience in my family.
Luck name, listen to my Lord's movement,
Just listen to my lord, don’t ask me,
Ye Zhan seems to be like me,
My business is 20%,
I offended smallpox, I don’t need a son like you,
Longan, Nian Tai, I, Ye Zhan, see you more,
Please beg me to keep me,
Ye Zhan, Ye Zhan, you live forever,
Now after being in it,
I know, you and Ye Zhan will rise forever if you take a picture of this guy.
Your son still needs to be transferred to the hospital tonight.
This is a sin,
There is no way out, sir, I was wrong
As long as I am wrong, adults
I don't want to cause
Not willing to be happy
Lost my lord
You are all in the sky
I am just like a building on the ground
Not only do you have to be unwilling to kill me if I am wrong,
If you don’t wear you, I will wear you
Before the old lady’s thin eyes
You arranged to lose weight to deal with me
Let me eat too
on thin eyes
I asked Shengshi Group to deliver the building
You pretended to be sending me a gift
Let me be okay
You unite with Jiangdu
If you value your family, you will break one of my legs.
Jiangdu is obsessed again
Now you think you have unlocked a certain level of saintliness, but you are
You want me to walk to find you now
You know my identity and you want to protect it
That's it. As for you Ye Jie